1. How long did you spend on the coding test? What would you add to your
solution if you had more time? If you didn't spend much time on the coding
test then use this as an opportunity to explain what you would add.

I took 8 days to work on the coding test. I would add a functionality where the admin is able to import assets, employees by use of a csv , an export functionality for the assets and employees , i would aldo add a chat page where by an employee can chat with the admin so that some things can be done faster.

2. What was the most useful feature that was added to the latest version of
Django? Please include a snippet of code that shows how you've used it.


3. How would you track down a performance issue in production? Have you ever
had to do this?

Identify the problem.
Monitor system resources.
Review application logs.
Analyze database queries.
Use profiling tools.
Test different scenarios.
Optimize the code.
Test and monitor

4. How did you fetch data from the Django backend and display it in Vue?
Create a Django view that returns the data in JSON format. This view should use Django's JsonResponse class to convert the data to JSON and return it to the frontend.

In Vue, use the built in fetch or install tje axios library to make an HTTP request to the Django view.

When the response is received, parse the JSON data to convert the JSON data into a JavaScript object that you can use in your Vue component.

Store the data in a Vue component data property. This will make the data available to the component's template.

Display the data in the template using Vue's data binding syntax. For example, you could use v-for to loop over an array of items and display them in a list.

5. Please describe yourself using JSON.

{
    "name": "Donald Onserio Nyabuto",
    "description": "An enthusiastic Full Stack developer passionate about technology particularly software development"
    "technologies": [
        "Vue.js",
        "React",
        "Next.js",
        "Laravel",
        "Django",
        "Tailwind CSS"
    ],
    "hobbies": [
        "Gaming",
        "Hiking",
        "Travelling"
    ],
    "interests": [
        "Technology",
        "Software development",
        "Artificial intelligence",
        "Data science"
    ],
    
}


